hello everyone so I want to start off
this video by saying that this is not a
troll video I really did gain 60 kills
August sugar mountain diet but many
people mistake to be the waffle for dies
and I was just constantly starving all
the time even though I was eating
probably I would say well over 4,000
calories a day as the months passed by I
slowly but surely gained weight I think
I gained weight so slowly that I didn't
even see it myself because I aren't
looking back I can see that I was in
denial like my parents could see it my
family could see it my friends could see
it everyone could see that I was gaining
a [ __ ] ton of weight but I was stressed
I was just completely convinced that you
know in order to heal my body like this
is what needs to happen I need to gain
this weight in order to heal and I was
just so convinced that you know I am
doing the right thing here it's so easy
to refer to durian writers weight loss
cult as if it's in the past tense but
then it would be so easy to talk about
something like communism as if it's in
the past tense
hasn't communism discredited itself how
many millions of people have to die how
many millions people have to starve to
death before new devotees new followers
stop signing up for communism we see
examples of people who want so
passionately to believe in something who
want to believe in the cause to the
point where they don't see the reality
in the mirror staring them in the face
a young woman as a channel called whale
on wheels I'll give you the link she's
basically come forward and admitted now
she turned a corner she admitted to
herself that during Ryder's advice to
her has been a disaster among other
things she gained 130 pounds of fat she
also made the commitment to basically
quit her job I assume quit her job I
assumed she had a job sorry it's a leap
of inference
Bart she went to Thailand initially for
two months decided to extend to three
months decided to extend to a full year
and on some level I think she was in
denial but one of her reasons for making
it a full year was that in those three
months she did not get the weight loss
results she was hoping for and she had
already gained a ton of weight I think
about 130 pounds to that point um in the
previous half year or so of devotion to
durian writers cause right how is it
possible how is it possible to live
through a famine and still out of faith
denied your deny the evidence all around
you that people are starving to death
believe in communism believe in the
leadership believe in the economic
theory how is it possible to convince
yourself that the poor being uplifted by
the new economic system when not only
are the lives of the poor getting worse
and worse the number of the poor is
getting fewer and fewer due to deaths
executions starvation disaster of both
political and economic kind on a
staggering scale people see what they
want to see and for me to get into
examples be a much more long complex
discussion but believe me I've seen
Buddhists sit down and refuse to see
what the text says so plainly when it's
right in front of their face they look
at the text with the eyes of faith and
they don't really see what's there I
would say stuff like you know it's
completely impossible to gain weight
from sugar even though I was gained
weight and I would say that with you
know and they would say before you have
gained weight like how explain that then
I would be like but it's metabolic
damage ultimately from my perspective
the righto for high carb low fat
experiment within veganism is one that
has taken the good name and reputation
of veganism and simply has dragged it
through the mud
taking one year of your life to run away
to Thailand is an extraordinary
sacrifice if you live to be a hundred
it's one percent of your life but
realistically most of us won't live to
be a hundred most of us will not have
that many years where we could sacrifice
our time where we
could devote her time to learning
something and you could have instead in
terms of opportunity cost you could have
devoted that one year to getting a
master's degree to learning a new
language to learning a new set of skills
whether that's survival training melt an
earring how to use a gun joining the
army
learning how to fly an airplane if you
took one year of your life to devote to
something anything why why would you
devote one year of your life to riding a
bicycle up and down the same hill in
Chiang Mai Thailand and eating a diet
rich in mangos it just doesn't make
sense the threats of violence the
defamation the pseudoscience the false
over-the-top diet claims the elevation
of a certain kind of vanity a certain
delusory ego trip about saving the world
by being an athlete there's so much
wrong with it and it's so obvious it's
just as obvious as deaning a hundred and
thirty pounds and looking in the mirror
it's right in front of your face but you
can't see it because you're looking into
the mirror with the eyes of a true
believer
it's like someone reading a passage in
the Bible or in a Buddhist manuscript or
in communist ideology and they're only
looking at it with the eyes of faith so
much conflict and drama with my parents
us they were just constantly Bank for me
to stop pouring two hundred grams of
sugar in my smoothie or just get so mad
and I would just either completely
ignore them or just try to convince them
that you know this is their this is the
way that I need to heal my body and this
is what everyone in the whole world
should be doing like you you people are
so [ __ ] in the head like how could you
not see what I'm seeing and I would just
like pull my earth like being so
frustrated that they wouldn't see what I
saw